9  The big difference is not as exaggerated as double digits
.  Property prices will fall 30 points percent compared to the next Wow, heard
yet, property prices fall another 30 percent 30 points, I know
, I humble
I write 30 is a sweep I do not exaggerate the person is not, everyone, I know  I
always try my best not to exaggerate it
Liu Ding, we all know it, right?  What about China, the US and the
UK?  Hong Kong's economy is in recession, including Hong Kong. Of course
, Hong Kong is part of China.  The decline in property prices will be
between 15.8% and 29.2, so that is the central government is possible, there is a chance to
fall also there is a chance to fall this one of 29.2 and 15. point
between Hong Kong  Hong Kong's economy is most familiar with people's
banks, with a lot of information about business customers